XRay Remote Sampler - Preserve previous rule reservoir if rule property has not changed (#3620)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

- AWS SDK span name to be of the format `Service.Operation` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/otelaws`. (#3582, #3521)
- Prevent sampler configuration reset from erroneously sampling first span in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/samplers/jaegerremote`. (#3603, #3604)

> - AWS XRay Remote Sampling to preserve previous rule if updated rule property has not changed in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/samplers/aws/xray`. (#3619, # TBD)

Reviewer: Changelog entries link to the PR making a change, not issues 😄 

```suggestion
- AWS XRay Remote Sampling to preserve previous rule if updated rule property has not changed in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/samplers/aws/xray`. (#3620)
```

Author: Updated with both issue and PR link

- AWS SDK rename attributes `aws.operation`, `aws.service` to `rpc.method`,`rpc.service` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/otelaws`. (#3582, #3617) 
- AWS SDK span name to be of the format `Service.Operation` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/otelaws`. (#3582, #3521)
- Prevent sampler configuration reset from erroneously sampling first span in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/samplers/jaegerremote`. (#3603, #3604)

> - AWS XRay Remote Sampling to preserve previous rule if updated rule property has not changed in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/samplers/aws/xray`. (#3619, #3620)

Author: Fixed.
